Couple of changes to the document (#22291)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/auth/generic-oauth.md

## JMESPath examples

> To easily configure a proper JMESPath expression you can test/evaluate expression with a custom payload at http://jmespath.org/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ease configuration of a proper JMESPath expression, you can test/evaluate expressions with custom payloads at http://jmespath.org/.
```
